Design Goals (2023-06-18)
==============================================================================

Coming back to this after quite a while...

There are two use cases that I want to facilitate:

1.  Treat a command like a string
2.  Treat a command like a function

Case 1: Like Strings
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I think this case is decently covered at the current time, and seems to be where
my thinking had led previously: string templating with automatic escaping, like
using ERB to generate HTML.

Case 2: Like Functions
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Make calling a command like calling a function.

In _essence_ it should feel something like

```ruby
curl url, output: "./out", location: true
```

Positional arguments come first, then options and the library knits them all
together property.

The [sh][] Python package that I recently came across seems to take this road. I
cloned that project and looked over it quickly; I'm not sure how much
insperation I'd be willing to take (it's all a single file, for starters),
besides the (extremely valuable) point that _whatever it manages to support is
enough to be useful_ (6.6k start on the 'hub).

[sh]: https://amoffat.github.io/sh/

The first thing to realize is that this approach is really nice and desirable,
but satisfying it in a _general_ sense would be a shit-show. A few problems 
that come to mind:

1.  You need to know how to encode option flag/value pairs. There are at least
    3-4 common forms for "long" flags:
    
    1.  Double-Dash Space (DDS): `--name value`
    2.  Double-Dash Equals (DDE): `--name=value`
    3.  Single-Dash Space (SDS): `-name value`
    4.  Single-Dash Equals (SDE): `-name=value`
        
        I'm actually not sure how much I've seen this one in the wild..?
    
    "Short" flags have their own variations and idiosyncrasies, and some
    commands _only_ accept short options.
    
2.  Encoding values, specifically collections and booleans.
    
3.  Order sensitivity of options and positional arguments, especially when the
    target command has a "subcommand" structure (like `git`).
    
4.  Nothing guarantees that a command even _has_ a consistent system for any of
    this.

5.  Different _versions_ of the same command may behave differently.

That said, it does seem possible to cover a large amount of commands with a
reasonably small, if painful, set of functionality, and it seems like it would
be really useful. Function calls are just so intuitive and easy on the
developer-side, I'd say it really _what we want_ if we could just wave our hands
and have it.

### Styles & Profiles ###

It seems like I'd basically end up building out a library of common _styles_
(syntaxes, really?) and assembling _profiles_ of the _style_ choices of various
commands which could then be used to turn function calls into command
invocations.

There seems to be two (non-exclusive) approaches to producing _profiles_, and
they both suck:

1.  Craft them manually. This basically implies having some sort of internal 
    package ecosystem (usually called "modules" or "add-ons" or "contrib").
    
    This sucks.
    
2.  Generate them dynamically, poking around in man pages and help dialogs for
    some sort of clue. This sounds like a pain. I asked GPT4 and they basically
    just griped about how hard it is.
    
    So, yeah, this sucks too.
